Add Iconic (#269)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

- [Emulsion](https://github.com/lainsce/emulsion) - Color palette manager `#vala` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Eyedropper](https://apps.gnome.org/Eyedropper) - Color picker and formatter `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita` `#gnome`.
- [Harvey](https://github.com/danrabbit/harvey) - Color contrast calculator `#vala` `#gtk4` `#granite`.

> - [Iconic](https://github.com/youpie/Iconic) - Custom folder icon creator `#rust` `#gtk4` `libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Iconic](https://flathub.org/apps/nl.emphisia.icon) - Application to create folder icons and add them on top of folders in GNOME `#rust` `#gtk4` `libadwaita`.
```
I suggest using the Flathub link since it has more screenshots. I also suggest a modification of the description, feel free to change it.

Reviewer 2: I am not  youpie, but I think the suggested change to the description/link of Iconic is perfect.
